In the last lectures we edit our form using the template driven approach.
Now let's move onto the reactive approach for a new recipe or editing an existing one.
We got our recipe added component here and it doesn't have a form inside of it so we should definitely
change this in here.
I will start by adding a row and then a column which should spanned the full width for all device sizes
and then the for him without an action because we don't want to send a request.
We want to handle it in angular.
Now we will need a couple of inputs here.
I will actually begin with the save and Cancel buttons though.
So right at the start of this form I'll ever number bootstrap row col X as 12 will be with.
And here I want to have a button of type submit with a class of button and then button success so that
it's a green button which should simply save the form should save the recipe.
I'll have a second button of type button so that it doesn't submit the form which will be of or which
would get the class Button danger which should simply cancel the editing here.
So these are the two buttons which allow me to control the form in the end.
Now for the inputs I definitely want a row with my default column with here where I will add a def with
the form groups.
Yes.
As class.
To simply use that bootstraps as class to give it some nice styling done and I'll add a label for the
name of that recipe and I'll say name here and I will add the input the input will be of type text with
the ID name maybe and that's already structured as over multiple lines and with a class of form and
control to make it look nice.
Now I will actually copy that row and pasted in below this name here.
I want to have my image path so I'll name it.
Image your earlier input and you simply want to use or to paste in the image path.
So that will be dis row below it or add another row here.
I won't to have my form group though.
Instead I want to preview the image to use or paste it in.
So I will simply add my image element here.
I will later bind to saurus and assign the image response of class to it.
We will find this later or if needed.
So that allows the user to enter a title and an image and see that image as a preview.
Now add another row with number label which should now say description.
So the description of our recipe or the content of the recipe is all assigned is for the ideal description
which of course will be this but this will not be an input all change to a text area.
Therefore I also need a closing tag for this on this text area.
I want to provide that say six rows for typing.
So that is not too big not too small.
SHAPIRO OK.
Well and then below this I'll add yet number Dith.
This will later be required for the ingredients of that recipe here.
So here we will actually need to create an array of controls and we will need to manage this.
We did learn how to do this but here we will see it in practice in a real project.
Now here Astor's will be for my array of items I will get rid of the label and get rid of the ID also
get rid of debt diff here instead.
I will add a new row inside of there.
We're going to have multiple ingredients probably.
And each row should then have a couple of columns.
The first one spanning almost the entire width.
It will hold the input for the name of the ingredient.
The second one being very narrow next to it which should hold the amount and the third one.
Also a very small column should hold a button which allows me to delete any ingredient.
Therefore button danger and put an X on it.
So if you have a look at this that is how a single ingredient will look like.
Now we don't have descriptions for these inputs.
You could of course restructure this form and try placing labels next to them or use a different layout.
I like dad lay out here though with regards the HVM old code.
Almost finished.
There is something missing but before we work on this let's make this base for him work without ingredients
for a start.